$1 reward

Supporter- Your name in the credits and my personal thank you!

Estimated delivery: June 2016

$8 reward

Early Bird * The Alpha Tester - Just like the $10 reward but cheaper!
	You get it cheaper for being first!!  You're so thrifty!

Estimated delivery: June 2015

$10 reward

The Alpha Tester - Guaranteed access to early alpha versions of the 
	application starting in June, and your name in the special testers credits. 
	You'll provide feedback on early builds and help shape the design of Affordable 
	POS System.

Estimated delivery: June 2015

$25 reward

Choose a Color Scheme - Everything above, plus choose the colors to be used in one of the 
	available themes. The theme will be availabe for anyone to use on their own 
	installation of Affordable POS.

Estimated delivery: April 2016

$35 reward

Choose a Background Image - Everything above, plus choose an image that will be available for 
	any owner of Affordable POS to use on their installation.

Estimated delivery: April 2016
$50 reward

Create a Custom Theme - Everything above, plus I'll work to create a custom theme that fits 
	your suggestions. You will get to choose the colors and background images.  The theme 
	will then be available to everyone that owns Affordable POS to use on their own 
	installation. You will get credit in the application for helping create the theme.

Estimated delivery: April 2016

$100 reward
Your own theme - Everything from the $35 reward and above, plus I'll personally work with you 
	to create a theme and layout to fit your business. You will get to choose your colors, 
	background images, button colors and button placement on the screen. The theme will 
	be made public and released for others to benefit from. You will get credit in the 
	application for helping create the theme.

Estimated delivery: April 2016

$150 reward
Your own private theme - Everything from "Your own theme", plus the theme can be your own 
	private theme or can be made public and released for others to benefit from. You will 
	get credit in the application for helping create the theme.

Estimated delivery: April 2016

$250 reward

Your own private theme and Picture - Everything from the $35 reward and above, plus I'll 
	personally work with you to create a theme and layout to fit your business. You will 
	get to choose your colors, background images, button colors and button placement on 
	the screen. The theme can be your own private theme or can be made public and released 
	for others to benefit from. You will also get your picture and name on the backers 
	page for the application

Estimated delivery: April 2016

$1000 reward

The Beta - Everything from the $35 reward and above, plus You will get 3 beta versions of the 
	application.  It may still have a few bugs but for the most part you will be able to 
	install the application and use it in your business. To properly test you get a PC 
	with the Affordable POS System pre-installed. (The PC only includes the main processor 
	unit with no peripherals)

Estimated delivery: January 2016

$1,500 reward

The Beta Tester - Everything from the "The Beta", plus You will get free support for your 
	biggest issues/changes you have for the application. I can't fix everything but I 
	will do what I can to make the best product possible!

Estimated delivery: October 2015

$1,800 reward

Early Bird * Ma and Pa install - Just like the $2,000 reward but cheaper!
	You get it cheaper for being first!!  Good Job!

Estimated delivery: June 2016

$2,000 reward

Ma and Pa install - Everything from the $35 reward and above, plus 2 of "The Beta Tester" and 
	you will get 2 full working final versions of the application.  You will recieve a cd 
	with the application on it and one full year of support. Remember: To properly test and
	use the application you get 2 PC's with the Affordable POS System pre-installed. You 
	will also receive a touch screen monitor, keyboard, and scanner gun. You will have 
	everything you need to input inventory, ring up a customer, checkout and run reports.

Estimated delivery: June 2016

$2,800 reward

Early Bird * Corporate install - Just like the $3,000 reward but cheaper!
	You get it cheaper for being first!!  Good Job!

Estimated delivery: July 2016

$3,000 reward

Corporate install - Everything from the "Ma and Pa install", plus you will get FULL support 
	and a cash drawer and a receipt printer for each PC. You will have an 
	entire system and support to be able to start using your Affordable POS System the 
	same day you receive it! This package also includes one more PC and a full working 
	final version of the Affordable POS System. That is a total of 3 full systems including 
	the PC, touch screen monitor, keyboard, receipt printer and scanner gun.

Estimated delivery: July 2016



BONUS:

$3500 - Multiple Registers - be able to set up multiple registers that all run off of one 
	inventory database. All registers will display the same quantity counts and inventory 
	information along with each registers own checkout and payment information.

$4000 - Web interface - Create a private website so you can view reports from your register 
	from anywhere in the world.

$5000 - Android interface - Create an Android application so you can view reports from your 
	register right on your mobile device from anywhere in the world.

$6000+ - Fill the gaps - Anything $6000 and above will qualify for even more product refining 
	and feature adding.  I will go back through your suggestions and add everything I can 
	to the product! You will help make one awesome application!!